#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.4.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
alembic==1.11.1
    # via optuna
altair==5.0.1
    # via streamlit
altgraph==0.17.3
    # via pyinstaller
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow-intel
attrs==23.1.0
    # via jsonschema
blinker==1.6.2
    # via streamlit
blosc==1.11.1
    # via miceforest
boruta==0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   streamlit
catboost==1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via streamlit
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via
    #   fasttreeshap
    #   shap
cmaes==0.9.1
    # via optuna
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   colorlog
    #   tqdm
colorlog==6.7.0
    # via optuna
contourpy==1.1.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   yellowbrick
decorator==5.1.1
    # via validators
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dill==0.3.6
    # via miceforest
econml==0.14.1
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
fasttreeshap==0.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
flatbuffers==23.5.26
    # via tensorflow-intel
fonttools==4.40.0
    # via matplotlib
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.31
    # via streamlit
google-auth==2.20.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==1.0.0
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
graphviz==0.20.1
    # via catboost
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.56.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
h5py==3.9.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
idna==3.4
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==6.7.0
    # via streamlit
jax==0.4.13
    # via tensorflow-intel
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   econml
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-plot
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via altair
keras==2.12.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
libclang==16.0.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
lightgbm==3.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   econml
    #   miceforest
llvmlite==0.40.1
    # via numba
mako==1.2.4
    # via alembic
markdown==3.4.3
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-plot
    #   seaborn
    #   yellowbrick
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
miceforest==5.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
ml-dtypes==0.2.0
    # via jax
numba==0.57.1
    # via
    #   fasttreeshap
    #   pyod
    #   shap
    #   sparse
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   boruta
    #   catboost
    #   cmaes
    #   contourpy
    #   econml
    #   fasttreeshap
    #   h5py
    #   jax
    #   lightgbm
    #   matplotlib
    #   miceforest
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   numba
    #   opt-einsum
    #   optuna
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   shap
    #   sparse
    #   statsmodels
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   xgboost
    #   yellowbrick
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
openpyxl==3.0.10
    # via -r requirements.in
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via
    #   jax
    #   tensorflow-intel
optuna==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   fasttreeshap
    #   matplotlib
    #   optuna
    #   plotly
    #   scikeras
    #   shap
    #   statsmodels
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorflow-intel
pandas==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   catboost
    #   econml
    #   fasttreeshap
    #   seaborn
    #   shap
    #   statsmodels
    #   streamlit
patsy==0.5.3
    # via statsmodels
pefile==2023.2.7
    # via pyinstaller
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
plotly==5.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
protobuf==4.23.3
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
psutil==5.9.5
    # via fasttreeshap
pyarrow==12.0.1
    # via streamlit
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pydeck==0.8.0
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.15.1
    # via rich
pyinstaller==5.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyinstaller-hooks-contrib==2023.3
    # via pyinstaller
pympler==1.0.1
    # via streamlit
pyod==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.1.0
    # via matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   streamlit
pytz==2023.3
    # via pandas
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via tzlocal
pywin32-ctypes==0.2.1
    # via pyinstaller
pyyaml==6.0
    # via optuna
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rich==13.4.2
    # via streamlit
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scikeras==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boruta
    #   econml
    #   fasttreeshap
    #   lightgbm
    #   pyod
    #   scikeras
    #   scikit-plot
    #   shap
    #   yellowbrick
scikit-plot==0.3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boruta
    #   catboost
    #   econml
    #   fasttreeshap
    #   jax
    #   lightgbm
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-plot
    #   shap
    #   sparse
    #   statsmodels
    #   xgboost
    #   yellowbrick
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
shap==0.41.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   econml
    #   fasttreeshap
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   catboost
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   patsy
    #   pyod
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow-intel
slicer==0.0.7
    # via
    #   fasttreeshap
    #   shap
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sparse==0.14.0
    # via econml
sqlalchemy==2.0.17
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   optuna
statsmodels==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   econml
streamlit==1.23.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==8.2.2
    # via
    #   plotly
    #   streamlit
tensorboard==2.12.3
    # via tensorflow-intel
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.12.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
tensorflow-intel==2.12.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.31.0
    # via
    #   scikeras
    #   tensorflow-intel
termcolor==2.3.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
toolz==0.12.0
    # via altair
tornado==6.3.2
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   fasttreeshap
    #   optuna
    #   shap
typing-extensions==4.6.3
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   altair
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorflow-intel
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
    #   tzlocal
tzlocal==4.3.1
    # via streamlit
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   requests
validators==0.20.0
    # via streamlit
watchdog==3.0.0
    # via streamlit
werkzeug==2.3.6
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.40.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   lightgbm
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via tensorflow-intel
xgboost==1.7.6
    # via -r requirements.in
yellowbrick==1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.15.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
